okay so you're walking through the
tropical rainforest or at least what
looks like it and you come across a
pineapple Grove these are what
pineapples look like when they're
growing this is a one that's not very
mature you can see the red leaves and
things like that and then this over here
is one that's more mature and then it
appears that after they mature very well
they fall over like this right here you
can see they turn yellow
so pineapples grow on the ground I'll
learn that today and then I don't know
what this is but it appears to be
written in some kind of tribal language
there's a bottle and then the inside of
the bottle there appears to be writing I
don't know if you can see that no idea
what it is so because we are trying to
be smart we're going to leave now
because this might be some kind of death
threat that we don't don't particularly
understand so that's it
pineapples grow on the ground you're now
smarter
and where your relative motion is going
so compensate particularly good at this
I'll show you once again stay totally
stationary as I flew his body
I can move his body and pretty much any
direction